the Klingon Empire has 50 years of life
left to offer Klingons a safe haven
within Federation spaces suicide animals
Jim they are dying New Caprica would be
our first olive branch me the Galaxy
stands at a crossroads this is the
Starship Enterprise we've in order to
escort you to your meeting on earth
guess who's coming to dinner
I so wanted to meet you captain one
warrior to another right on the verge of
peace the undiscovered country future on
the brink of war we come in peace and
you blatantly defined that we haven't
fired according to our data banks we
have I shall throw you out of the stars
now the crew of the Starship Enterprise
will not be the instigators of
full-scale war on the eve of universal
peace that station fights not to win
battles
signal our surrender captain
we surrender but to end them forever
[Music]
who would consider an attempt to rescue
them an act of war there will never be a
better time
this is Captain Sulu USS excelsior is 10
ready to assist you this is fine
you do prefer it this way as it was
meant to be
warrior to warrior
and let the dogs of war
Star Trek 6 the undiscovered country
[Music]